Document TOML modules and services (#2876)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/modules/mod_pubsub.md

### Options

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.iqdisc`
* **Syntax:** string
* **Default:** `no_queue`
* **Example:** `iqdisc = one_queue`

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.host`
* **Syntax:** string
* **Default:** `pubsub.@HOST@`
* **Example:** `host = pubsub.localhost`

Subdomain for Pubsub service to reside under.
`@HOST@` is replaced with each served domain.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.backend`
* **Syntax:** string, one of `"mnesia"`, `"rdbms"`
* **Default:** `mnesia`
* **Example:** `backend = rdbms`

Database backend to use.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.access_createnode`
* **Syntax:** string
* **Default:** `all`
* **Example:** `access_createnode = all`

> Who is allowed to create pubsub nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies who is allowed to create pubsub nodes.
```

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.max_items_node`
* **Syntax:** non-negative integer
* **Default:** `10`
* **Example:** `max_items_node = 10`

Defines the maximum number of items that can be stored in a node.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.max_subscriptions_node`
* **Syntax:** non-negative integer or the string `"undefined"`
* **Default:** `undefined`
* **Example:** `max_subscriptions_node = 10`

The maximum number of subscriptions managed by a node. The `undefined` value means no limitations.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.nodetree`
* **Syntax:** string
* **Default:** `"tree"`

> * **Example:** `nodetree = "tree">>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Example:** `nodetree = "tree"`
```

Specifies the storage and organisation of the pubsub nodes. See the section below.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.ignore_pep_from_offline`
* **Syntax:** boolean
* **Default:** `true`
* **Example:** `ignore_pep_from_offline = false`

Specifies whether or not we should get last published PEP items from users in our roster which are offline when we connect.
The default option is `true` hence we will get only the last items from the online contacts.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.last_item_cache`
* **Syntax:** string, one of `"mnesia"`, `"rdbms"`, `"false"`
* **Default:** `"false"`
* **Example:** `last_item_cache = "mnesia"`

If enabled, PubSub will cache the last published items in the nodes. It may increase PubSub performance but at a price of an increased memory usage.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.plugins`
* **Syntax:** array of strings
* **Default:** `["flat"]`
* **Example:** `plugins = ["flat", "pep"]`

List of enabled pubsub plugins.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.pep_mapping`
* **Syntax:** TOML table with the following keys: `"namespace"`, `"node"` and string values.

> * **Default:** ``

Reviewer 2: What should be default value here?

Reviewer 3: Empty list

* **Example:** `pep_mapping = {namespace = "urn:xmpp:microblog:0", node = "mb"}`

This permits creating a Key-Value list to define a custom node plugin on a given PEP namespace.
E.g. pair `{"urn:xmpp:microblog:0", "mb"}` will use module `node_mb` instead of `node_pep` when the specified namespace is used.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.default_node_config`
* **Syntax:** TOML table with the following values: string, boolean or non-negative integer.

> * **Default:** ``

Reviewer 2: What should be default value here?

Reviewer 3: Empty list

### Options

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.iqdisc.type`
* **Syntax:** string, one of `"one_queue"`, `"no_queue"`, `"queues"`, `"parallel"`
* **Default:** `"no_queue"`

Strategy to handle incoming stanzas. For details, please refer to
[IQ processing policies](../../advanced-configuration/Modules/#iq-processing-policies).

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.host`
* **Syntax:** string
* **Default:** `"pubsub.@HOST@"`
* **Example:** `host = "pubsub.localhost"`

Subdomain for Pubsub service to reside under.
`@HOST@` is replaced with each served domain.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.backend`
* **Syntax:** string, one of `"mnesia"`, `"rdbms"`
* **Default:** `"mnesia"`
* **Example:** `backend = "rdbms"`

Database backend to use.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.access_createnode`

> * **Syntax:** string

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Syntax:** string, rule name or `"all"`
```

* **Default:** `"all"`
* **Example:** `access_createnode = "all"`

> Specifies who is allowed to create pubsub nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Specifies who is allowed to create pubsub nodes. The access rule referenced here needs to be defined in the [access](../../advanced-configuration/access) section.
```

check the link

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.max_items_node`
* **Syntax:** non-negative integer
* **Default:** `10`
* **Example:** `max_items_node = 10`

Defines the maximum number of items that can be stored in a node.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.max_subscriptions_node`

> * **Syntax:** non-negative integer or the string `"undefined"`

Reviewer 4: "undefined"` wouldn't pass the validation, right?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Syntax:** non-negative integer
```

> * **Default:** `"undefined"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Default:** not specified (no limit)
```

* **Example:** `max_subscriptions_node = 10`

> The maximum number of subscriptions managed by a node. The `undefined` value means no limitations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The maximum number of subscriptions managed by a node. By default there is no limit.
```

Specifies the storage and organisation of the pubsub nodes. See the section below.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.ignore_pep_from_offline`
* **Syntax:** boolean
* **Default:** `true`
* **Example:** `ignore_pep_from_offline = false`

Specifies whether or not we should get last published PEP items from users in our roster which are offline when we connect.
The default option is `true` hence we will get only the last items from the online contacts.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.last_item_cache`
* **Syntax:** string, one of `"mnesia"`, `"rdbms"`, `"false"`
* **Default:** `"false"`
* **Example:** `last_item_cache = "mnesia"`

If enabled, PubSub will cache the last published items in the nodes. It may increase PubSub performance but at a price of an increased memory usage.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.plugins`
* **Syntax:** array of strings
* **Default:** `["flat"]`
* **Example:** `plugins = ["flat", "pep"]`

List of enabled pubsub plugins.

#### `modules.mod_pubsub.pep_mapping`
* **Syntax:** TOML table with the following keys: `"namespace"`, `"node"` and string values.
* **Default:** ``
* **Example:** `pep_mapping = {namespace = "urn:xmpp:microblog:0", node = "mb"}`

> 

Reviewer 3: It should be an array (list) of KV pairs, not a single KV pair.
